readme.md, before:

# OtakuWalL – Smart Dynamic Anime Wallpaper App

OtakuWalL is a smart and lightweight Python desktop wallpaper generator that:
- Fetches HD anime wallpapers ❤️‍🔥(You can even get your favorite one's only or random Too)
- Gets Hourly quote for Motivation 🤩(From your favorite anime also or random based on api)
- Displays dynamic time-based greetings ⏰
- Shows current weather and temperature ☁️


## Features

- 🖼️ Dynamic Anime Wallpapers
- 🤩 Hourly Motivational quotes
- ☁️ Weather & Temperature Display 
- ⏰ Time-of-day Based Greetings
- 💬 Font & Style Customizations

## 🔧 Setup Instructions
```bash
1. Clone the repo
git clone https://github.com/bbheemara/OtakuWalL.git
cd OtakuWalL

2. Install dependencies
pip install -r requirements.txt

3. Change according to your need
In main.py change anime_name='your fav anime' 
also change city='your city for weather'
and If you want to change font of your choice just download your font and save in assets/fonts folder then in main.py FONT_PATH = 'assets/fonts/<your_font>'


4. Run the app
python main.py

Commit message:

Added custom fonts for better ui, added option to select type of wallpaper user want(Nature, Anime, Movie for now), added option to select type of quote user want(Nature, Anime, Movie or optional), input entry for the city for user's city weather(optional), time based greetings checkbox

readme.md, after:

# OtakuWalL – Smart Dynamic Anime Wallpaper Genarator

OtakuWalL is a smart desktop wallpaper generator that:
- Fetches HD anime wallpapers (You can even get your favorite anime one's or random Too)
- Gets quote for Motivation (From your favorite anime or random based on api)
- Displays dynamic time-based greetings 
- Shows current weather and temperature


## 🔧 Setup Instructions

1. Clone the repo
```bash
git clone https://github.com/bbheemara/OtakuWalL.git
cd OtakuWalL
```
2. Install dependencies
```bash
pip install -r requirements.txt
```
3. Change according to your need
 
   In main.py change
   
   anime_name='your fav anime' (optional)
   
   also change
   
   city='your_city' for weather (Sign up for https://openweathermap.org/ and get your api key it's free and paste in .env)
   
   and If you want to change font of your choice just download your font and save in assets/fonts folder then in main.py FONT_PATH = 'assets/fonts/<your_font>'


5. Run the app and schedule the script 
   ```bash
   python main.py
   ```

<img width="1919" height="1028" alt="Screenshot 2025-07-28 193149" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/bf4ca6ad-b9ee-48d8-a3ed-ab518f4820cc" />
